Order 1.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Navy Blue
dressSize: M
customerName: dwdwd
customerAddress: 2w2d2d

Order 2.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Navy Blue
dressSize: M
customerName: cvvwv
customerAddress: vvdv

Order 3.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Navy Blue
dressSize: M
customerName: wcc 
customerAddress:  weve rv ef

Order 4.
dressType: Casual dress
dressColor: Black
dressSize: S
customerName: NAME123
customerAddress: Address 4321-!kk?==%

Order 5.
dressType: Corporate dress
dressColor: Black
dressSize: S
customerName: Mike
customerAddress: 123 Foo

Order 6.
dressType: Corporate dress
dressColor: Black
dressSize: S
customerName: Mike
customerAddress: 123 Bar

Order 7.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Navy Blue
dressSize: XL
customerName: Mee
customerAddress: 123 Foo

Order 8.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Navy Blue
dressSize: M
customerName: 2
customerAddress: 2

Order 9.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Navy Blue
dressSize: M
customerName: 2
customerAddress: 2

Order 10.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Navy Blue
dressSize: M
customerName: F
customerAddress: G

Order 11.
dressType: Cocktail dress
dressColor: Black
dressSize: XL
customerName: Bulaba
customerAddress: Aso rock

